on television good a few days from
draw of the world cup were defined
drums for this event is what
next Friday the selection
mexicana is located in the bombo 3
together with the weakest confederations
his concacaf is there with the
teams with which he qualified in addition to
the Asian confederation where
They emphasize Japan and South Korea
there the selection is located and of that
tell us roberto lopez hello
on Tuesday the fifa defined the way in
which countries will be distributed
that qualified the world cup of
Brazil-2014 prior to what will be the
draw for next Friday in the city
Brazilian from Bahia in Montgó 1 are
the seed heads- the local brazil the
always competitive argentina the
surprise colombia the Uruguayan claw the
renewed belgium the german machine the
Reigning champion Spain and the emerging
Swiss in the hype 2 will always be
complicated african algeria cameroon
coast of ivory ghana nigeria
accompanied by two South Americans the
renewed chile and the always complicated
Ecuador in the hype 3 will be Australia
go japan south korea costa rica
Honduras Mexico and the USA in the Bongo 4
will be the European elections that have
qualified by a repechage and
also some directly as
Bosnia who will participate for the first time
a world cup will be accompanied by
Croatia
england france greece italy holland
Portugal and Russia
in this group 4 are 9 Europeans that's why
through a raffle one of them
moderate the hype 2 together with the
Chileans and Ecuador will not be able
coincide three European selections in
the same group with what the selection
that fall into the hype 2 integrate one
of the groups with head of series-
South Americans in this case Brazil
Argentina Uruguay or Colombia is
glimpse a very complicated future for
the Mexican team directed by Miguel
Herrera in this draw not only for all
the uncertainty generated by a part
World Cup qualifier also
because there is the possibility of
face three teams of higher
Spread and with a great history
informed roberto lópez olvera subscribe
to our YouTube channel and follow all
the information of your sport and your
favorite team starts now by giving it
click on these videos